We started a Dava organization which a
budget of $80 a month, $1,000 a
year. I told my father, you give so much
thousands of dollars in charity, give me
$80 a month. He agreed. We started in
1991. In few years, we became the
largest and had the biggest budget in
the private dation in the world.
There's no private daggers in the world
which even has 10% of a budget because
for us money is not the most important.
Unfortunately most of the Muslim
organization money is everything for
them. I say if money is important is the
least important. If 10 important things
are there 10th is money not the first
not the second not the third not the
fourth not the
fifth. Wealth is a fitna. If Allah gives
you wealth how you spend it is
important.
And that reminds
me of Shikh Solomon Raji. You might have
heard of Shikh Salman Raji. He's a very
charitable person, maybe as rich as
blegates,
mashallah. And he's very close to me. He
told me that in his
w he
wrote in his wak, "Anyone who's my
trustee, he's a billionaire.
$20 billion wak 20 billion or much
more only
one that my any trustees if they travel
with my trust money will travel only in
economic
class and when he travels at the age of
also he travels in economic class so he
told me once I went to the ticket
counter and the ticket person said your
son is traveling in first class, you
travel economic class. He said, "My
son's father is a rich man. My father
was a poor
man." So this is the reason she shakes
Solomon Raji became Shik Solan
Raji. But today most of the D want to
travel in in business class. If you
don't give business, they don't want to
come. And unfortunately most of the
Muslim organization have to comply with
it. We have a policy. We don't give
business at all. Want to come, come
don't come. All not that we can't afford
it. We are the biggest organization in
the world. Only one conference we spend
$5 million but we give economic
class. Why are you
rough and th excuses why I want business
class? I've got
thrombocytoenia long flight disease.
Long flight is a misnomer. I'm a doctor.
You don't require a business class. You
take a seat and the problem is solved.
business is not the solution.
So if you know how Allah has given us
money, we should know how to spend it.
Should not
do Allah has blessed us. I can travel in
the first class. I always travel in
economy. Once there was a RS point
against me. So there was no tickets. So
once in my lifetime only I purchased a
business class. That's the different
thing. Allah blesses me and upgrades me.
Most of the time they recognize me. She
shake come to business class. That's
different. It's
complimentary. We can afford it.
Allah has given us wealth. I can afford
a Rolls-Roy. We drive in a Toyota. You
know, this is Allah gives you wealth and
Allah checks how you spend
it. When I go to a hotel in my full
life, I've never spent more than $100 or
$110 for a
room. Never. Not that I can't afford. I
can afford $10,000 a day. Allah is
testing us. Allah is giving wealth and
seeing how you're spending it. We spend
on what? cameras. That camera is my
Rolls-Roy. Each camera costing $300,000,
that's my
Rolls-Roy. Each camera costing $300,000.
That's my Rolls-Roy. Allah gives you
wealth. Allah checks. Where do you spend
it? So this is a test. Wealth is a big
fitna. Allah checks. How do you spend
it? If Allah made it the biggest
organization, do you buy car for
yourself? No, we spend it's everywhere I
travel with no
ticket and I tell no one should charge
ticket for my lecture otherwise I won't
come if you charge I won't come I pay
for one ticket I say I will pay for my
own hotel if they force and then says
the hotel owner is owner doesn't take
money that's a different
thing we set standards this is a test
and the bigger the d is a test bigger
the test oh more Oh no more test. So we
pray to Allah subhanana wa tala in tajut
every day. Let not the Satan get the
better of
us. Let not the popularity come into
your head. Not the wealth come into your
head.